TunesViewer Help

Basics: The main screen is split into 2 parts:
The top part shows links, information and comments on the current page you are viewing.

The lower part shows podcast media files, double-click or press enter on a row to open it.
To subscribe to the page, go to edit-preferences, and choose your podcast manager (rhythmbox/gpodder/amarok) from the podcast manager command drop down menu.
Select OK, and click the add button on the toolbar, or Actions Menu - Add Page to Podcast Manager. Now you should be subscribed to the podcast.

Menus:
File
	Advanced Search - lets you search for podcasts and media by university, title, or description.

Edit
	Copy Normal Podcast URL - copies the real podcast URL of the current page. You can use this in a podcast manager such as gpodder.
	Paste & Goto URL - goes to the URL currently in the clipboard.
	Preferences - change options for this program.

View
	Request HTML Mode - Check this if you have problems with a page not loading.
	Show Downloads - shows current downloads.
	Downloads Directory - shows the files in your file manager.
	Page Source - shows the source text of current page.
	Selection Info - shows information on the current row selected, including comments and file size.

Actions
	Goto Link - Goes to the link of the row currently selected.
	Play/View File - Opens selected link streaming, using the program you chose in preferences.
	Download File - Downloads currently selected link.
	Add Page to Podcast Manager - Adds to your podcast manager (you can choose this program in the preferences)

When files are downloaded, you can choose an action from the lower left dropdown box by the progress bar.
Actions are:
	Open file - opens the file with the system default opener for this file type.
	Copy to device - lets you choose the device to copy to (this should work with any portable player that shows up as a normal USB drive.)
	Convert File - opens converter program (you must have soundconverter package installed)
	Delete File - permanently deletes the file.
